This mod is a successor to OreSpawn, and is based off of Older versions of Chaos Awakens which I coded (The 1,6,4 Version) and Very Early 1,12,2 Version. This came to be originally due to instability and authoritarianism within the Chaos Awakens Development team. This was originally a backup plan but due to recent new atrocities this has been forced to happen sooner. Some of those new Atrocities are the lack of Oil and Optimised Tools in the 1,12,2 and 1,16,5 Versions of the mod and most recently the team wanted to close the source code of the project because they suspected Katara, the owner of a competing mod called CraftZone was stealing their code. Katara had already been the cause of much instability, but this server, is less likely to receive drama from Katara, and if it does we can find a way to may fun from it. This mod is Free as in both Free Speech (Libre) and Free Beer (Gratis) while  Chaos Awakens is looking like they are going to be Free-Beer style software only (Free Beer means it is free from money but you cannot do everything you want with it) due to them talking about adding a licence to it regardless of what the author of the individual element wants. We are not stealing code, I was the author of the Original 1,12,2 Code for Chaos Awakens, a few days later the code was hugely reformatted by WeirdNerd and then later Worked on by Meme Man, this is based on the version before the reformat, so no issue with authorship. I was the sole developer for the 1.6.4 version of the mod, meaning i have the rights to it. I plan to go back all the way until Minecraft Beta 1,7 and Minecraft Bedrock and not just Minecraft, also DangerZone 2,1 , DangerZone VR, Hytale, and Hearts of Iron IV.
We have a Feeping creaturism philosophy (like our Name Feature Creep which is like a Feeping Creaturism but with fewer deadlines) which means we hope to get as many features as possible with as fast as possible. We are also pro-freedom, pro-anarchism, pro-comminism, pro-software-piracy, pro-g2a, pro-unauthorised version, pro-code stealing, and more.Main version is for 1,6,4
